W-12165377 no controller nodes in byok 2.2 (#925)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/include-manage-proxies.adoc

* US control plane: `dias-ingestor-router.us-east-1.prod.cloudhub.io`
* EU control plane: `dias-ingestor-router.eu-central-1.prod-eu.msap.io`

> . Log into a node where `rtfctl` is installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to a node where `rtfctl` is installed. 
```

> . Log into a node where `rtfctl` is installed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to a node where `rtfctl` is installed. 
```
